yeah I did but I'm not getting any input
like it's saying it's getting input but
it's not showing anything okay so as a
backup let me see if I can record oh I
cannot the host sorry we have output now
something is working it's working
can somebody I'm not getting any input
like it's saying it's getting input but
yeah yeah yeah it is it's showing to me
now
I can see you see so much yes that back
up yeah I've just listened to myself
talk alright thank you so much for the
patients we have finally ready to start
the July 3rd ipfs Islands hi everyone
I'm to be going to be the moderator for
today we have Friedel who is going to be
the note-taker as usual like feel free
to add items to the agenda one of the
items that was added especially to this
agenda was a roll call bring back the
roll call since we have so many new
faces as a tradition let's go from west
to east which I believe it means starts
with you would you like to start that is
to West and it's true I as the
traditional
hello okay no no Mike it's going too
soon hi I'm kuba kuba guru I work for
protocol labs ongoing PFS and connected
projects that's in short terms
could I interrupt just a moment are we
going to record this doesn't show record
yeah okay perfect thinking let me share
with you and we've done everyone in the
groups the link for the livestream I'll
put it here on the chat and IRC
we can continue with a real call I'll
just like place the link
Lars come okay
sorry I'm long as I live in Berlin and I
work on the episode infrastructure
lipids appear and go ipfs hi everyone
I'm new to this call I'm drew in jet I'm
a software engineer with Stanford
libraries and we're experimenting with
ipfs for annotations and research data
sharing
you
everyone and Friedel I work from
protocol labs I'm you know take you
today south of Germany and I work on J
safety FS and go ipfs and various things
everywhere
all right I couldn't go next hi everyone
the bead moderator for today work for
collabs and focus on jazz ipfs and the
leap peer-to-peer
hello my name is Victor I work with four
clubs as well I live in Barcelona in
Spain I work on JavaScript things in
terms structure things as well
I think that's me now okay hi everyone
I'm Pedro I work for protocol apps I
work mainly on JSP FS and some ipfs lab
stuff like see our duties related and I
think that's it
I think the last from Europe is Ed I'm
ed Silverson I work at a company called
Holocene I'm lead developer of the
universal viewer project I'm very
interested in extending trip wire into
3d and Holograms and things that
all right thank you let's go over do you
think the first one from the US is Matt
yeah
Manzo monomyth protocol labs I tend to
the overall organizational roadmap of
and I'm why are you sleeping I'm on the
East Coast today so right next to Matt
and yeah I work on going PFS and other
things that are also and go
[Music]
I heard me younger I work in consensus
and working on the Fijian brought a live
client on top of ipfs
you
might be be I'm not sure but I'm David
Christian I'm at Colorado School of
Mines and I'm researching a bit swap
working on go ipfs in bit swap and also
working on IBM s cluster
probably next my name is Jay carpenter
I'm interested in naming address in a
numbering and identity and I'm working
with a group of people here in Phoenix
Arizona we're working with WebRTC and
ipfs and looking to do some interesting
cheer to peer connectivity items
you
I'll go next I'm a my name is Jason I'm
working on some WebRTC stuff some
peer-to-peer stuff and the blockchain
stuff
oh hey and Kamala's of Indiana I work on
aetherium especially on meta mask stuff
and when working once on the theory my
PFS integration with
due to awkward silence earlier and jump
the gun but I'll just say I'm in San
Francisco
all right Thank You anyone else all
right so yeah I'll say hi to so so you
can do that yeah please do outcome thank
you take everything all right so if we
don't have any more introductions for
now continue mine let's go into the
second item of the agenda which is what
award so well but that so buff award
added by B so well well again we started
using the waffle board so if you go to
things like what award what I do i PF s
just BFS you can you can see like issues
that the team is currently acting like
the the contributors are currently
active working on on the in progress
column like our people ask through our
see our crew Twitter what are people
focusing on right now and like the
waffle board is a perfect place to get a
sense of what is the current focus of
specific and never within the whole ipfs
project there's a walk award for leap
year there's a waffle board for GPFS one
for go not all the waffle words are
updated like live it requires some time
for us to actually go to all the issues
we try to be as diligent as possible to
make sure they are up to date but even
if they are not like we'll never turn up
today they are still a very useful tool
and you can help estrella
some of those issues if it's something
that is interesting for you as a
contribution to help us identify what
are the one star like bugs what are the
ones are that questions provide answers
to the ones of the questions that I've
got already answered or just like make
sure that people get the attention like
me on all of those issues in jessup EFS
specifically even like I've been doing
this weekend like cleaning up all that
you can find a bunch of issues on the
ready column which typically means it's
issues that have been identified as
things that would be great someone was
working on they are just not active
because someone like the rest of the
people that are actively contributing
are already busy busy with a in progress
the flow is as soon as you finish
something on the in progress you pick
something from the ready column and if
you get blocked in something in the in
progress column you move it back to the
ready or to the backlog and then you
pick some other card this way it's like
a way for us to be all in sync it's just
like what like we have talked about the
waffle board extensively during the
first quarter of this year but like
since we haven't brought it up for quite
some time I thought it'd be useful for
everyone and that's it cool all right if
no one has questions on that let's jump
into the demo section are people here
for the demos I've been saying develop
there's like some exciting demos today
can I see I see by marketing strategy
all right we have a call for people so
yeah like we have two exciting demos
today I was just like what the wonders
of the demo to take it away and explain
what the show drew a drop do you want to
be the first one sure
so it is gonna it's gonna walk us
through the demo for the most part we're
gonna be filming from his machine how
should we do that I guess said he'll
share his screen well I'll share my
screen rightly I think this whole thing
is being recorded is that right that
works
cool
right I'll just go ahead then so for a
little bit
contactslaw it gets set up I work at
Stanford where I've been the developer
of a research tool called mirador which
allows people to allows researchers and
students to build or to view and
annotate high-resolution imagery and
Edie has developed a similar viewer for
a lot of cultural heritage institutions
in the UK called the universal viewer
and both of these viewers rely on a
standard that was developed by in an
international community of cultural
heritage institutions called triple I F
or the international image
interoperability framework and the set
of standards that's been developed
allows annotations that are created on
in one viewer to be viewed in another
because of the interoperability between
them so what we've set up here is demo
in which mirador which has an annotation
creation tool will create annotations on
an object that gets propagated through
ipfs to the universal viewer where it
can be viewed yeah so this is the
repository so we call this organization
called viuda I think we decided in a row
I'm going to rename this actually it's a
triple eyath labs or something because
it's less confusing but yeah if you got
a reader slash ipfs experiments we're
thinking this is just gonna be like a
general repo for any any IP fest related
experiments we do and then it's in your
annotations
and the cell pretty straightforward hmm
my browser's pretty slow he's clean it
npm install and PM to start and when you
run it npm start fires up like host and
then you get a page we can choose UV
mirador have you open those it's quite
important currently typing these in new
windows because of limitation and petrol
need to explain this but it's related to
sound boxing or something like that I
don't know but a nice yeah well I'm not
exactly sure about the the whole the
whole story but the thing the symptom is
that using WebRTC with chrome throttles
somehow throttles the process that
behind the resources the processes are
behind not on not viewed so you in order
to run these and propagate the changes
in real time it works best if you just
have well and it's the separate windows
and they are on top they are not hidden
well they are not fully here and I write
this is just so that you can do it demo
right if you come over if you have both
screens open in order to get it to
perform right you need to have them be
in separate windows that are not
overlapping the actual internality if
you were actually using this in a real
situation where each viewer is on a
separate machine you wouldn't have this
issue so on the Left we've got mirador
HTML and on the right we have you need
HTML so if I add an item these are both
kind of configured to only be interested
in one specific triple-f manifest which
is this one so if I opened this in
Moodle and then if I scroll down here
I've got connect to ipfs fun
in the UV as a scroll over slightly so I
now add an annotation since a rectangle
only works with rectangles select that
area
save that see immediately appears window
and then if I mouse over light-headed so
I can just go ahead and get out from
page I think it's something else you see
down here so apologies for the limited
screen real estate SIG's see another
annotations appeared here click on that
and then C is seemly defaults to zoom in
on the first annotation that's because
the Eevee's kind of using our tation is
primarily for search results at the
moment yeah panting and this is really
significant for our sub community of
technologists because currently there's
a lot of controversy or confusion over
where these annotations are supposed to
go or who's responsible for them once
they're created so libraries don't
really have annotation servers right now
but they run as a matter of course and a
lot of the users that rely on our
software aren't that technically savvy
and most of them aren't going to set up
their own annotation server or even
necessarily plug into to various
services that could someday be adapted
or configured for that so this solves a
major problem by letting ipfs run in the
browser directly with JSI BFS and the
annotations are just stored and the user
doesn't really have to to think about
how they're going to get around and get
shared and republished anyone who's
subscribing to that channel you know who
has a certain link essentially can can
easily view those in real-time so yeah
yeah these are just like peers and then
you could easily set up a third peer we
have an example of that actually where
it can track the annotations being
created and preserve them so that's
really you could imagine a scenario
where you've got a roomful of people and
they're all annotating away and then you
know Stanford of preserving those
annotations for them or multiple
institutions are tracking that kind of
partition or unique ID that the
annotations are being saved under and
reserving them so currently if I were to
close both these windows then all the
annotations sort of disappear because
they're only kind of being persisted in
a CI DT it's between these two windows
but that yeah doesn't doesn't mean you
can't have a third pair that's you can
drop of it yeah that's right so that
extra node or that those extra nodes are
just another node in the network really
they're just persisting the changes as
they see and this is implemented in a
way that allows multiple writers on the
same document this is achieved using ER
duties I feel more interested I can give
you some pointers to the libraries that
that were using to implement this on top
of a TFS some of them is to to create a
room out of just a topic pop subtopic
and the other one is to just create
acidity using a connector a PFS
connector over yjs which is a surety
library that really allows several
writers on the same data structure in a
way that is conflict free
and the persistence right now it's it's
because we're just demoing is persisting
the data in the browser but it just it's
just an option on on the library to to
persist it and that's that's what the
third or fourth nodes if you want could
do which is track the changes on any
document and and per system locally so
they are available if any of these
participating browsers close they're
still persisted is still available on
the network now so let me just if anyone
is confused about the flow of what's
happening there
this is using IP FS pub/sub underneath
so both of these viewers I have chosen
before it's hard it's currently
hard-coded into the code they've chosen
an identifier for the channel that
they're publishing these annotations on
and each of these windows currently is
running its own IP FS nodejs ipfs node
in the in the browser in the window and
so there are basic what you're looking
at is the viewers which are each running
an IP FS note and when you write an
annotation on in our door it's writing
that annotation to that IP FS pub sub
channel and the only other node on the
network right now that's listening on
that on that channel is that is the
other window is Universal URI but what
they're talking about is like you could
have you could have a hundred nodes
listening on listening on that channel
on that pub/sub channel it's just that
right now we only have two and since
there's only two and the information is
only being written into those two ipfs
nodes if you close these browser windows
you lose those nodes and you lose the
information that those nodes are holding
but then we have tons and tons of
options how you could store that
information all the ways just by running
other node or node it is the tracker
still available
well you're against sorry should be yeah
there is no a new organization on kidnap
call I could set up like being just ipfs
exactly fest - labs we are trying to
pick up a better name for it but we get
up we'll do redirects so if you go to
get out of comm / ipfs - labs you will
see a bunch of those building blocks for
real-time applications on top of my PFS
that are using Jessup EFS and only
peer-to-peer pub/sub we see are these
and without charities this this tracker
that that Patriot built he's there as
well I think Rath yeah I'll I'll paste
you to the link it helps visualize the
kind of third fourth fifth and node idea
for libraries and cultural heritage what
what we're all what all the ipfs people
in the know are thinking about that is
that hopefully down the line libraries
will be these kinds of kind of backup
listeners to a lot of small research
group activity and they'll have
command-line tools that run in the
background to listen on these channels
and persist research data so and like
provided every Pisan and things like
that for additional research and and all
the kind of official archiving of the
data passively in the background so this
is an example of of how such a
command-line utility would work it's
just gonna log out the messages for us
just restarting the pair's
you know so for example if you were a
researcher at a research institution you
would basically just have to tell the
library what channels you're using to
create this data that should be that the
library should be collecting and then
the library can just add it to the list
of channels that it's following in
archiving so it becomes there's no like
drop and upload all of your data to the
library system it's just make sure the
library knows where you're having
conversations on where you're creating
data and and it all gets pulled in an
archive appropriately currently that's
an extremely high friction process any
questions
well gets things head on and trying to
see if there's like okay what's appears
I have I'm running one okay yep
yeah I also open my bit the busy my
machine probably everybody thank you for
backing as annotations you are doing a
favor to mankind tracing out the let's
start the annotation list items yeah so
these
all the events happening and you know
our virtual library server can save
those in archive them in whatever way it
sees fit
yeah it's it's tracking basically
tracking as matt said pub/sub add a
channel and in logging every change on a
CRT over that so but for channel is just
a way to transmit the changes and
broadcast all the changes to all the
listening peers and the tracker is it's
just one of them and I'm just the track
is just logging when a mutation event
happens bass I mean I share the code of
it if that's of interest it's like when
one interesting thing to note is like
all of the annotations data model was
was already built beforehand and it was
using json-ld and right now it's like
being put into ipfs using the back api
with tech support so there was no need
to like change the object it was just
like that put the Jason Paul and you got
a nice rack this is all the Jason looks
like this is a annotation list this is
all based off the open annotation spec
future feature of triple if' will be to
use the web annotation data model which
is a bit different to this but the
purpose of the demo and the UV and
marital only support this currently but
a lot of annotation data models really
you know kind of quite generic so you
and I say you know anything with it
conceivably really like time frames with
videos or you know reasons of text or
images or you know any kind of media
it's not you know limited to the to the
C's case really
all right yep yes anything else to show
in well just the code really I just want
to show you how easy it is to you know
improve their senior page it's just
going from unpackage calm and we've got
this kind of yeah browserify
distribution file it's absolutely great
because we started off using drew and I
experiment a bit with orbit and we found
it slightly difficult to get started
with and I think that kind of began the
process of talking to the I profess team
a bit more and experimenting and this is
kind of like the ideal scenario as ice I
think Caesar tea doesn't I just want to
include that and then I've got my access
to the you know here's a peer universe
but it's not that simple as this other
stuff going on obviously but that's
quite nice Pedro set up the API very
nicely though because well for I guess
first of all from just say another note
on distribution it's also an NPM so we
could just you know just as easily
compose it into a larger application so
Mirador recently released a desktop
version that runs inside of electron and
that's a really good candidate for
including ipfs trip yfd be over NPM and
then you know all the data that's
created there has a place to live even
though it's not you know not in the
browser and it can be shared easily and
then this is where it's getting set up
you're initializing the OPF s trip alive
DB object and then waiting for it to be
ready and then creating this annotation
list objects which is kind of the
container for all your annotations and
it's using this ID property to kind of
set the unique endpoint for the
annotations to be it
you know and we have to do a bit of code
to kind of massage the dates are a
little bit this he thinks differently
slightly differently to married or about
annotations but yep uh that's it crack
open the the Mirador code to show you're
writing an equal so Mirador has this
every just scroll actually down at the
bottom there so they're under annotation
endpoint this is the this is the mirador
instance configuration object lets you
kind of set up what the workspace is
like on that line 59 you see annotation
endpoint and whereas supplying a module
so that's been released into the
namespace as a as a javascript object
this ipfs and a point and mirador is
going to take that and it wraps it and
there's a standard kind of API for that
and ipfs just provides the
implementation for each of those methods
so if we scroll up slightly in this file
here you'll see this is how the this is
again the the DB initialization so it's
same as for per universal viewer we set
the ID and in the channel and give it
the initial kind of container annotation
list and then it goes into this
constructor right BFS endpoint so we
pass in the initial the initial DB
instance and that's what Mirador is
reading off of off of itself in order to
use the annotation endpoint so going
into the annotation endpoint code
just provide this module and it just
accepts the instance and kind of sets
some set some properties there and we
just have basically crud methods you
know um
great read update destroy we're calling
it search for read and you know so this
is the writing portion that create here
we're doing some logging for demo
purposes and then it really was just as
simple as typing you know push resource
and it just works basically we just push
it onto the under the CR DT and and
that's it they're like magic in that
yeah
if you're also interested in in the
underlying codes of this there is a kind
of new github organization called ipfs
labs so this is where some code that
allows these lives namely y PFS
connector the connector for watch is
which is your duty library the talk
before I told you before and ipfs
pub/sub room and the EFS apply f DB
which is directly what what true and add
are were using to integrate
so I uh my dumb so everyone any more
questions well see if there is hands and
like scrolling I think I can stop the
screen channel so you go into review but
yeah like if there's no questions thank
you so much at drew and bitter for
building and coming up today to show it
working it was like super exciting but
cool yeah
yeah like seeing annotations over these
very important documents at the Vatican
conference like all of these historians
researchers like people coming from all
different areas and each editions being
well like their minds with just explode
with excitement
see yeah the energy in the room was
pretty pretty amazing exactly they were
all asking where's the server um we just
kept repeating there is no server yeah
it is it was like a shame that we cannot
record that session because there was
also like some really interesting
questions there and that yeah like we'll
we'll try to do like prepared to capture
next but but that's why I like we have
asked drew and the girls to come here
today and like and share the demo again
so that's because they have a recording
of it
so that if you want like to share it
with other people it might be interested
on like so this is like a real-time
application convergence of data using
charities and basically everything works
on the browser we just the best all
right we still have one more demo and I
hope I dunno was come up as qualm is it
so wrong yeah alright thank you
yes I saw that you added the demo for
today
yeah it's going to be really simple and
really short and I may have even
presented this before I'm not sure it's
been like months since I worked on this
stuff so yeah I'm just picking
the ipfs attenuation again so what I'm
going to be showing today is the ipfs if
there is bridge the link is in the notes
the it's it's if you look at the screen
of course okay can you see my screen yep
so here on the left you can see the repo
of bridge and it's really just this
docker compose file so we've got two
containers here and one is vanilla
parody parody is the rust implementation
of the etherium client and they've been
very kind as to merge into a sort of
ipfs api so they don't connect to the
ipfs network themselves but they expose
all their hash address data using
content ids so so basically we enable
that and then I have this sort of custom
JSF s client that uses parody as a data
source and so it's it's a bit messier
than it needs to be because I needed to
like copypasta a bunch of code but with
a little refractory on the GSI PFS side
it should be like five lines or so
basically you can create an IP FS client
and then here we're kind of hacking in
when the note says it's ready then we
add this extra data store and this data
store is it's just a uses HTTP to hit
the parody client and actually it's in
the
yes I read this this wrapper module
called hooked datastore hooked read-only
data store
and so I just give it this function it
takes a CID and Kol back and I'm just
saying like oh is this something that we
possibly care about it is then hit the
parity client orig DP and then you know
fail or return the result and so what
that looks like is over here so first we
want to get we're gonna hit the ask a
parity client what's the latest block
and it's gonna give us a bunch of data
here and all we're looking for is the
Hat this is a raw hex encoding and so
I'm gonna use this little tool called
effect LD to convert it into a Content
ID and you want the block so then we can
so this ipfs that lab miniverse and IO
is that custom first node that reads
from parity and if I put the put that
noose it in there it's gonna give us
give us this raw hex raw binary response
and if I use that UV tool again I can
tell it to purchase it as a block and it
will read the block data there and we
could manually you start going down the
state tree like where all the account
balances are stored so yeah right now
that's a really manual process but until
you can use the ipfs tag and just start
adding through things and so that's the
demo for today and so just that services
is up and running and connecting to the
normal network so if your client can
understand the etherium objects you
be able to pull it off of the network
it's pretty cool so right now I can
again just like for any III mash that I
receive I can convert it to a CID and I
can fetch that block and edit my
Jessica's note independently right yeah
so can't do transaction receipts or
transaction trees or transaction receipt
trees but everything else you should be
able to look at the note is also it's
not an archive mode so it's like pruning
so it has to be relatively recent data
or it's gonna throw it away that's again
just some configuration and DevOps fix
that part but yeah the parity client
does not expose those other things the
transaction trees and stuff just because
it doesn't store them it generates them
as needed um all Biggie's did the darin
book chain no thanks yeah that is good
so in archive mode with like this like
hash traversal extra half traversal
database just possessing least specific
I have ready it's about 200 gigabytes
Twitter gigabytes okay oh but but again
that doesn't include those transaction
trees and stuff yeah I was just thinking
like it would be really interesting to
just like preload in a bunch of notes
the entire block chain or it was like
just follow just make it follow so
that's like then when we first if you
invoke chain you have multiple notes to
like fetch the box and it's just buy
stuff for everyone yeah we probably
could like I was standing our in some of
our notes as well yeah that would be
nice I think I'll probably give this
once this is up and in useful I mean
maybe it's useful right now I haven't
really tried using it for anything
intensive there's some teams inside any
consensus that would also spin up quite
a few of these as far as to see that
would be nice yeah the goal is to is to
turn meta mask into an ethereal light
client eventually
currently we're just 100% trusting the
posted nodes to to give us the data and
it has terrible caching properties this
basically you know once the block has
changed you don't know if your balance
is changed or not you have no hints
there whereas here you'd have kind of
the Merkel trivia as soon as you hit the
same patch you know that everything
would be the same so I have this sort of
iterative working towards a light client
where we'll start with again a trusted
party just telling me what the card with
the latest block is and from there being
able to traverse down the state tree
over the IP fest network that would take
a lot of load off of our hosted trusted
servers apparently they have over 60,000
users and then just like consoling
pounding away at this VM yeah there are
hosted nodes and so taking the heat off
of them a bit by sharing that same
information between peers and so these
60,000 users they're pretty much all
chrome extension installs and so it's
like always running in the background so
if you have a little lightly at that's
node you can sure that do they
yeah like we it is always like that
question because you're gonna have the
nodes running but you cannot like you
have already seen a web extension and
then it's kind of like you can never
note but you are still fetching from
some central points like it makes it
very interesting is when you have web
RTC because and you can I just fetch
from your nearest neighbor we can go
around that by adding a node in a
serviceworker and the nodes in the web
extension and we that be closer like the
the one that gets my vertices first like
if it's the extension or if it's the
serviceworker then we manage to to give
web RTC to the rest of the web
application because then we can have
just like two super peer nodes that what
one is running inside one context and
another one said bring on the other
extent they will just connect to each
other it is still an open problem it's
something like we kind of like are
dependent on browser implementation but
yeah I'm a little concerned how
performant this is going to be when what
because you may need to do some some
rather deep lookups like if you're
something as simple as looking at the
token balance may involve going from the
block state right down to the account
and that could be several hops down the
myrtle tree and from there going inside
that contract storage tree and then
let's have a little more look up so if
you have to do 20 lookups for a single
value that might not practically perform
it their babies were the discussion
around something like next version of
bit swap or an improved version of bit
swap comes around because then you can
just like send your your query to the
other nodes and if it's a node willing
to cooperate it can like try to resolve
the query locally and understand how
many nodes you have to fetch from like
because right now like if you the way
that will work now but you'll realize
the first nodes and you will see the
first know that I do realize oh I need
to go deeper right and now you request
the next level and I can keep doing this
back and forth and it is possible to
just like saying hey here's like my
destination and then like the nail tries
to resolve walk away and like you just
we'll give you the entire tree as far as
it can get to you and then I can stuff
like you having to do like 20 ROM lips
to then understand or now I have to go
to other nodes just do one round-trip
and then you realize all right now I
have to go to some other node but you
would have to do that anyway if the data
we've seen some other part of the
network and then and then another thing
that can happen is if you have no does
you have right now that you trust or
nodes that are willing to pay the costs
of being proactive in that caching stuff
I can send queries to like three nodes
that I'm connected if and if one of
those nodes is kind of like this
Proactive very friendly notes you can
actually be the one like fetching at
content for me from the network and then
like replying all at once so if you have
a canoe that's like in a very good
location which has been late like past
memory that's also a lot of connections
open and so on then it might make sense
for an infrastructure of an application
12 that nodes being a friendly nodes to
the rest of the application notes that's
is able to to do these queries and
events yeah one yeah those would be huge
improvements in performance we didn't
see in the near term so another thing
that might be nice is if you if you do
that full request like hey I'm trying to
path all the way here and be able to
include the hashes that you have like
you you think this state is probably
stale but this is what you have and then
it only has to you can you know meet you
halfway you only have the latter half
make you at off way because yeah so like
you would only request what okay yeah I
got it you the requests the query you
send into the network doesn't need to be
named each one it's just like the one
that's you're missing like the remaining
path from what you are missing right so
you have like no no sort of the other
way because because we have a Merkle
tree
and the state hasn't changed let's say
I'm asking about your balance and your
balance hasn't changed but a bunch of
other things have changed so the state
is different and so you don't know
whether or not your balance exchange but
like here's the data I have from a
previous balance and I want to go down
to my balance and so it's like oh yeah
actually your balance is the same but
all this stuff changed in the middle so
here's the middle data where you can
tell that your balance is the same that
make sense go ahead yeah it makes sense
miracle branch of like 10 nodes the
bottom five are the same the top five
are different but you need to hear about
the top five in order to be sure that
the bottom five are different yeah I'm
trying to think what would be the
closest I think possible but we couldn't
do to support those kind of queries and
it's fun it is something like so wait
top was being built is very portable you
can even like in Jessica fest to change
the egg change and try different bit
swaps and if I know that David prism is
is working on making it work better so
if you guys want to talk more about that
you know I can either be sure there's
not a bit now yeah like it will be
definitely very interesting to explore
or we can inject those different
strategies in bits well especially in
brand time because notes might have to
change behavior at some point well I
don't know if anyone else has thoughts
on this I know that like more people
have been like thinking about bit swap
and now to optimize it probably better
off for an issue at this point but I've
been doing a lot of work on bit swap
those has Christian no yes all right
does this answer I am partially because
it's essentially yes we need to think
about it for that part for the the graph
query where you send like the selector
that I peel this elevator like then
those are smart enough to like give you
back more complete responses that's
definitely like very much or like the
plan we definitely know we want that and
we are we have a more clear picture
about to achieve that
soonish for the other part for like
seeking Michael trees it's like it is
really the case of like using my
country's to sync data right it is
something that has been solved it is
just not a primitive within bits of
itself so we just need to figure it out
loud to like tune bit swap to support
those cases as well yes
so I'm excited to start working on this
stuff again I got present like quorum
Adam asked and you should also have to
make sure the names well well supported
all right yeah I think like one good
thing would be go through all the issues
that we have open games of like
compatibility between with Peter Pierre
and that field appear madam asked and a
defense and so on is just like review
because that one of things have been
changed like a lot of things I've been
shipped let's see what is still missing
and what is the right direction right
now feel like there was an issue like
parity to ipfs or ipfs a parity to ipfs
I think on Jessup EFS it's like update
the whole picture there yeah just yeah
all right any questions
maybe we can I stop screen share so the
like we can see everyone at the same
time I keep like going back and forth
try to see if I find hints all right
okay if there is no more questions thank
you so much from others it was awesome
really excited I feel this was an
awesome call today one of people have
joined we had two awesome demos one of
you building blocks for people to try on
again like if you are looking for ways
to contribute definitely check always
the community repo denotes repo and the
waffle boards for the projects because
that's where you can like at least
epigrams of where most of activities and
if there is there is no more questions
or thoughts I guess we end this meeting
thank you everyone
right thanks everyone all right thank
you have a great week thank you Cheers
bye Cooper did they start screaming well
also oh really so YouTube okay now